Update User Guide - Add Permalink tool (#9328)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/share.md

<img src="../img/share/social.jpg" class="ms-docimage"  style="max-width:400px;"/>

## Permalink

The **Permalink** section allows to save the current overall viewer state of the resource and share it as a permalink.

<img src="../img/share/permalink.jpg" class="ms-docimage"  style="max-width:400px;"/>

> To obtain the permalink, the user must enter the resource **Title** and **Description** (not mandatory) and choose whether the resource will be public or not by enabling/disabling the **Public** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A permalink is a new resource belonging to a dedicate category in MapStore for which the user must enter the **Title** and **Description** (the last one is not mandatory) and choose whether the resource will be public checking the **Public** option (this will generate a public map permalink so that everyone can access it).
```

Reviewer: @ElenaGallo include also a warning below this paragraph to inform that Map Details as well as other resources connected to a Map, if present, will not be available in the final permalink resource.

> When all options are filled, the user can **Generate permalink** through the <img src="../img/button/generate_permalink.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button to get the **Permalink URL** and **QR code** to share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all options are filled, the user can **Generate permalink** through the <img src="../img/button/generate_permalink.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button to get the **Permalink URL** or the **QR code** to share it.
```
